where's Teresa easy Jake it's all good
she'll be here in a second or sooner
hi guys Teresa did it work oh hi Teresa
good to see you fun but seriously did
you get through to Cronus okay everyone
everything's in place the training is
done now let's do this call up the
temple of Dionysius
hello ladies I'm just in town to save
the world but if you'd like to go for
baklava guys are you coming never get to
relaxing more we can relax as soon as we
put Cronus away so much for back Lavoie
careful if you break it I buy it no
kidding I know it's nap time for all of
us
time od how the cameras working
installed an operation good and I've
established that comprehensive it's a
lot through laser grid systems in
English as soon as CONUS gets close to
the statue perimeter alerts are set the
whole area is hot portal set have portal
will traffic is it my imagination or did
you practically smile there Teresa I
just don't want to blow this are you
sure
but did he believe it you're sure we're
set
there's no way Cronus gets passage this
time
won't be nice to take a break how do we
catch Cronus I bet they've got some
sweet beaches here
you okay this tired I guess can't
imagine why we don't have time for you
to be tired you've got to stay focused
you could ease up on her that I know I'm
pushing everyone but this is important
yeah so is Teresa okay it's all set all
that's left to do now is wait for Cronus
do you think I'm pushing too hard what
we're doing isn't easy for any of us
including you let's get some rest
J doesn't mean to be a jerk I know all
of this is hard enough Morpheus helped
me get into Cronus's head but the rest
is up to me not his destiny yeah God
they have way too many rules
hey I'm sure you were great
and don't let J shake your confidence I
don't know I've never tried to project a
vision before don't worry come on let's
get some rest
J is everything okay sorry I didn't
think Theresa sleep yeah you need us no
no I just want to tell her you know
yeah and it's okay she knows to go get
some sleep
thank Savannah you too
guys J that's weird
looks like everyone took off in a hurry
Theresa
sleep tight